[Lea] Previously on
The Good Doctor...
I'm Charlotte Lukaitis.
-Charlie.
You are on my team.
-Yes!
Positive affirmations are
empowering for people with ASD.
My autism is awesome.
We should prep
a bolus dose of TPA.
No, we should not do that.
You ordered a nurse
to prep an unindicated
and very risky medication.
-I didn't order her.
I was just making a suggestion.
-Get out!
I believe
your intense curiosity
and attention to organization
will one day make you
an excellent pathologist.
I don't want to be
a pathologist.
I just want to be
a surgeon like you.
You're nothing like me.
So much of my life
in Orthodox world.
I still don't feel like
I know what I'm doing.
I have so little figured out,
except that
I'm really into you.
-Mom?
-Hey, Audie.
But what are you doing here?
Are you okay?
Oh, I'm just here
for a drug trial.
For my hyperthyroid.
You heard they're calling
a board meeting tomorrow?
-Can you cover for me?
-I wish I could cover it.
It would be preferable
to taking my mom shopping.
I'll take her shopping.
Thank you for your help.
Oh, no. Happy to help.
See, and here you are,
stuck with me.
Oh! [chuckles] No.
You have been very sweet.
[fussing]
[crying]
-Should we just--
-No.
Can't we just check on him?
It's been ten minutes.
-Nine.
-I'm rounding up.
You shouldn't. This process
is tiring and difficult.
But once we finish,
we will all be happier
and more well-rested.
[crying continues]
How does the crying
not bother you?
In prehistoric times,
when infants awoke in the night
and didn't see their parents,
it could mean they had
been killed by wild animals
or competing tribes.
Steve's cries
are designed by nature
to alert other adults
to take care of him.
Mm-hmm.
How much longer?
Ten seconds.
Nine, eight--
seven, six, five, four,
three, two, one.
Don't worry, Steve.
Mommy's coming.
[alarm beeping]
[beeping stops]
Mm.
Morning.
That was fun.
-[both chuckle]
-Yeah.
Mm.
I have to go, unfortunately.
When's your first meeting?
After this.
I have a consult.
No, Shaun, please stay.
Sorry. I was, um...
Sorry.
I was just about to tell Shaun
that he'll be working
with Charlie Lukaitis today.
No, I'm going to work with Dom.
Charlie is disruptive
and distracting.
She should be failed
out of this rotation.
That's a harsh assessment,
and one you can't make until
she's completed her rotation.
Then...
I want to opt out of being
a teaching attending.
You can't do that, Shaun.
This is a teaching hospital.
You can't opt out.
Well, actually, you can,
but you lose access
to the residents--
Jordan, Kalu, Asher.
I prefer to work alone.
And you'd stick
to simple surgeries.
Lap choles, appendectomies,
hernia repairs.
Not to mention, you'd lose
a third of your salary.
I cannot teach her.
She interrupts me, and when
I point out her mistakes,
she just argues with me.
Well, why don't you stop
pointing out her mistakes?
Why don't you start
pointing out things
she does well?
Why would I do that?
Because when you criticize
people, they feel bad,
and that leads to arguments.
And that leads to Charlie
standing alone,
mute in an elevator.
And that leads
to more meetings with us.
I can't just
let her mistakes go.
So, how about you try
a compliment sandwich?
When you need to give
negative feedback,
stick it between
layers of praise.
Charlie...
doesn't have two pieces
of bread to work with.
Then make it a compliment
open-faced sandwich.
Find the bread, Shaun.
[theme music playing]
-Hi, honey.
-Hey, you okay?
Your door was closed
when I left.
I wasn't there. I, um...
stayed over at Aaron's.
You... s-slept over there?
Yes.
-Like...
-Yes.
I hope you don't have
a problem with that.
You're a grown woman.
That decided to have sex
with my co-president.
Sure. That's... fine.
Great.
It was amazing, Audrey.
I mean, for a man his age,
you cannot believe the stamina
and the decisiveness.
That's great, Mom.
It's just sex.
I'll be going home
after the study is over.
But as sex goes,
this is pretty high quality.
Where did you fall?
In the shower.
I hate how old that
makes me sound.
Don't worry, you also lookold.
Oh, thank you for that.
BP's 100 over 70,
heart rate 75 BPMs.
Hip bone's swollen
and deformed.
Does this hurt?
Ow! Ow!
You have a fractured
and dislocated hip.
Oh, no.
Don't worry. We'll get him
to the OR right away.
-Your dad will be fine.
-[chuckles]
[chuckles lightly]
He's my fiance.
Then your fiance will be fine.
Thank you.
Hi! I know the last time
we worked together
could have gone better.
I always quote
the great Taylor Swift
at important moments,
-so let me just say--
-Don't do that.
I promise I won't
interrupt you today.
I'll work extra hard
to be helpful.
What were you doing when
you first started throwing up?
Walking with Mom.
We weren't
overdoing it or anything.
We walk together
every morning before school.
It's our special time.
That's awesome.
Do you know Mirna Valerio?
She's a large-bodied woman
who runs ultramarathons.
You could work
your way up to that.
Or just marathons.
That wasn't an interruption.
It was...
good that you did not
interrupt me,
but you did not need
to tell that story.
Although, it was not
completely irrelevant.
With the fever and white count,
I thought she had a UTI.
Lucy, please lie down.
[winces]
Take a deep breath.
[Inhales deeply, groans]
Positive Murphy sign.
And it was spotted
by Dr. Murphy. So cool.
It wasn't named after
Dr. Murphy, though.
It is, in fact,
named after Dr. Murphy.
-He just wasn't me.
-It's still cool.
There's nothing cool about it,
since it means Lucy's
gallbladder is inflamed
and will need to be removed.
Why would she be having
trouble with her gallbladder?
Probably because
she's morbidly obese.
But don't worry,
we do the surgery every day.
Not on teenagers, though.
[Asher] I shouldn't
have assumed.
Placing second guidewire.
But are we all just
going to ignore
how gross this is?
I mean, he's old enough
to be her grandfather.
[Jerome] Lots of people
think it's gross that you
and I are together.
[Asher] Yes, but we're
actually in love.
Okay? She's gold-digging.
-[Jerome] Another assumption.
-[Asher] A deduction, actually.
If he's not loaded,
why would she be with him?
Also, I found her Instagram.
You should see the hotel
they stayed at in Baja.
And they've been
engaged for a year,
but no wedding website.
He's clearly stalling,
trying to have
as much sex as he can
before tossing her.
-[Jerome] He's 74.
-[Asher] Yeah.
And a man.
Implanting primary FNS screw.
[Dr. Park] If she's
after his money
and he's after her youth,
then they're both
getting something out of it.
[Asher] Tightening
locking screw.
[Jared] Dissecting
the gallbladder off the liver.
Processed foods, sugary drinks,
schools dropping PE...
No wonder there's an epidemic
of childhood obesity.
[Charlie] Weight is a bad proxy
for health, actually. BMI, too.
It doesn't take into account
muscle mass or metabolic--
[Shaun] Excuse me.
What are you doing?
[Jared] Oh, I, um--
I-I asked Charlie
to learn the tools
by laying them out.
[Shaun] Laparoscopic
instruments go on the left,
then clamps, scissors,
retractors, and sutures.
You have done the opposite.
You... did lay them out,
though.
[Charlie] Thank you.
[Jared] One thing, though.
Shaming people
who are overweight,
which, sorry, Shaun,
you kind of did
with that
"morbidly obese" comment,
can actually lead
to overeating.
[Shaun] I was stating
a medical fact.
Ultrasonic coagulator.
Starting the--
[Charlie] But if your fact
made her feel ashamed,
-then you--
-[Shaun] You inter--
Charlie, you did a good job
when you were not
interrupting me earlier.
[Charlie] Thank you.
[Shaun] But you did not
do a good job
when you were interrupting me
just now.
[Charlie] Oh, I just thought
we were talking
at the same time.
[Shaun] But you are doing
a good job right now
because you are
not interrupting--
[Charlie] It's mostly
I'm completing your train
of thought, which helps.
[Shaun] Okay, I am
running out of bread.
[Jared] Shaun.
Her liver has yellow
diffuse deposits and fibrosis.
[Shaun] She has
advanced fatty liver.
If this progresses,
she will need
a liver transplant
or she will die.
It may take a few months
to regain full mobility,
but that shouldn't stop you
from walking down the aisle.
Thank you so much, Doctor.
So, how'd you two meet?
Well, we needed some
legal work done at the school
where I teach
seventh grade English,
and somehow,
a big fancy litigator
took us on pro bono.
-Not that fancy.
-No. Fancy.
And very modest.
I had, uh, lost my wife,
Julie, to COVID
a couple of years before and...
Well, I was a mess.
I certainly never thought
I could fall in love again.
Neither of us
expected this to happen.
But we're real glad it did.
It's a beautiful story.
When's the big day?
Hey, are you okay?
Yeah, it's just
my stomach thing.
Uh, we're just
waiting for Scott
to finish converting
to Judaism.
I'm sure you know how long that
process can be, Dr. Wolke.
You're Jewish, right?
No.
Oh, I-I'm sorry, I...
I assumed...
I feel sick.
[Scott] Ronit?
[retching]
Ronit.
-Look at me.
-Ronit!
Crash cart!
[Dr. Park] Stomach and duodenum
are normal.
Are you ready to admit
you're wrong about them?
Fine. They're in love.
But why not just
peacefully live out
his golden years together?
Why is she making him
jump through all these hoops
to get married?
Does he really want to spend
the rest of his years
studying the Book of Ruth?
She's not forcing him
to do anything.
He wants to make her happy.
Yeah, by pretending
to care about
something he doesn't
actually care about.
If he wants to stay married,
I also recommend pretending
to care about every
other thing she cares about.
Transverse colon is normal.
Also, it doesn't hurt
for a man of his age
to have a younger medical proxy
who cares about him.
So just give her
power of attorney.
Yeah, maybe in a ceremony.
She could wear white.
They could exchange rings.
What's that called?
Why are you
so invested in this?
Why are you so cynical?
Guys.
Left ovary and pelvic organs.
Dr. Glassman and Dr. Lim
suggested
the compliment sandwich,
but it is very distracting
having to find two things
Charlie is doing right
just so I can correct
her mistakes.
There are a lot of them.
What do we do in sleep training
when Steve cries?
We ignore him.
Ignore her.
Charlie isn't a baby.
When she makes mistakes,
it affects patients.
How often do med students
get to do something
that could actually
hurt a patient?
Not very often.
So, when she does something
annoying, just let it go.
If you ignore the mistakes,
you don't need to look
for the compliments.
Well, yeah.
That is worth a try.
[cell phone vibrating]
Lucy's coming out
of anesthesia.
I have to go.
Have you forgotten something?
Something to steel you against
any level of annoyingness?
It smells of adorableness
and diaper cream?
Now go get your ignore on.
You have stage three
ovarian cancer.
It's spread beyond
the ovaries and pelvis.
I told my GP months ago
that I was having back pain
and nausea.
He said that it was
probably just stress.
Unfortunately,
that's not uncommon.
70% of cases are missed
at the early stages.
We will do everything we can,
starting with removing as many
of the tumors as possible.
And hopefully
chemo can get the rest.
Thanks. Perfect.
-Audrey!
-Oh!
-Hi.
-Hello.
So, we were just talking about
where to go for dinner.
[Dr. Glassman] Yeah,
what was that place?
-The Chinese fusion on Elm?
-East-West.
Try the wonton tacos.
[sighs] Excuse me. Um...
Hey, uh, I'm guessing
you're not okay with this.
You sleeping with my mom?
My dad did it for years.
We got along fine.
Since you're
not okay with it, uh,
is there anything that I can do
to make this
a little bit less awkward?
There's not going out with her.
Short of that?
You asked.
[sighs]
Are they?
Please don't make me
think about this any more
than I already have.
Ah! Wow.
You've really
gotta hand it to Glassman.
[sighing] I really don't.
Sleeping with
your competitor's mom
has got to be
the 49th Law of Power.
He's not my competitor.
He's my colleague.
Imagine if they got married.
That's why we are recommending
gastric sleeve surgery.
She's 14.
[Dr. Reznick]
Lucy fits the guidelines.
She has a BMI of 40,
she's 136 pounds overweight,
and she's having severe
medical problems as a result.
Do other kids
get surgery like that?
There were
1,400 bariatric surgeries
performed on adolescents
in 2022,
and it's becoming
more common every year.
Dr. Murphy will remove
a large portion
of your stomach.
That will help you to eat less.
And in ways
we don't fully understand yet,
it reduces the hunger signals
in your brain.
That is not wrong.
I want to do this.
Mom, I think about food
all the time.
I don't want to keep
fighting my body.
I'm just so tired.
Baby, I didn't...
I didn't realize you were
still hurting this much.
I didn't want you to know.
I was trying to fight it
on my own, but...
I don't think I can anymore.
Uh, okay. Let's do it.
Let's do it.
Charlie will return with
the preoperative consent form.
Responsibility.
Awesome.
Gunderson's doing
a robotic-assisted
thoracoscopic lobectomy.
Gunderson.
Isn't he a little green?
Yeah. He'll probably push
the wrong button
and start a robot rebellion.
Can you assist?
I could shuffle
some stuff around.
Great. Problem solved.
I do need you to write
that memo to the board, though.
What memo?
"Latest Practices in Lean
Hospital Process Management."
Oh, that memo.
The one you were
supposed to write.
-Now that
I'm bailing Gunderson out...
-You don't have the time.
Let me guess, it's due...
-Tomorrow.
-What a coincidence.
Now I can't take your mom
out to dinner.
OR awaits.
Before I have you sign this,
I need to tell you
about the risks
of gastric sleeve surgery.
-Yeah, okay.
-Okay.
One, acid reflux.
Two, vitamin
or iron deficiency.
Three, hernias.
Four, internal bleeding
during surgery or afterwards.
-That doesn't sound good.
-It's not.
Five, surgical wound infection.
Six, fatal blood clots.
-Fatal?
-Yeah, like
a pulmonary embolism.
Oxygen is blocked
from your lungs,
and you start to suffocate.
Seven, sepsis leading
to organ failure.
-Wait. Hold on.
-I've changed my mind.
So have I.
We're not doing this.
Guess you don't need
to hear about number eight.
You have put that girl's life
at risk by telling her that.
I did what I was supposed to.
I listed all the possible
complications.
-Did you say how unlikely
each one was?
-No, but--
Or explain that many were
a complication of any surgery?
-I didn't think!
-Or that this was
a relatively safe surgery?
-This is unfair.
-Stop interrupting me.
You're interrupting me.
I am the attending.
I have tried complimenting you,
but that didn't work.
I have also tried ignoring you,
but that also didn't work.
But I am required
to keep teaching you, though,
so you will have to
go back to learning
by observing only.
You will not bother me.
You will not say a word,
either in surgery
or in front of the patient.
You're quiet.
I can't stop
thinking about Ronit.
If her doctor had
only taken her seriously.
Imagine trying to plan
a wedding
while she's in chemo
and he's recovering
from a broken hip.
Who cares about their
wedding planning?
She could die.
-They care.
-Well, they shouldn't.
Marriage is an outdated
institution
that was invented
as a property transaction,
not as an expression of love.
How people feel
about it now is...
That's all that matters.
Well, sometimes
our feelings trap us
in conventional ways
of thinking.
Like, Rashi says
that most of the Israelites
stayed enslaved in Egypt
because it's all they knew.
Are you seriously comparing
a loving marriage to slavery?
Both were invented as a means
of exchanging human chattel.
That is offensive
on so many levels.
And I doubt it's what Rashi,
whoever that is,
meant when he wrote
that parable.
It's a Midrash, not a parable.
Well, you sure know a lot
about Judaism
for someone who isn't Jewish.
Okay, I'm not a practicing Jew,
but I don't have to share
my life story with a patient.
Why didn't you just say,
"I was raised Jewish,
but I don't"--
[inhales sharply]
Hold on.
I'll get you a bandage.
Here.
I don't feel like
cooking anymore.
I'm going home.
[door opens, closes]
What are you still doing here?
Aaron and I are going
out to dinner.
And salsa dancing.
You dance salsa?
Youdance salsa?
My Spanish teacher
got me into it.
You have a Spanish teacher?
She could actually be
a Spanish teacher.
Habla muy bueno.
-[Eileen] Ah, bien,actually.
-Bien,actually.
So, I was doing research
for this very urgent memo,
and I came upon
this great article
on Lean Practices
in the Argentinian Journal
for Hospital Administration,
and it was in Spanish.
So I translated it for him.
So she translated it for me
and had some great ideas
for the memo itself
and saved me hours of work.
Oh, don't wait up tonight, hon.
[Asher] With an open surgery,
Park and I can get
more of the tumors.
Laparoscopic surgery lowers
the risk of complications,
which would allow her
to start chemo sooner.
Ronit's pre-op labs.
-Hey, Jordan.
-Hey, Jerome.
How's Grandma E?
Doctor said
she'll recover fine.
Whether they'll recover
from me second-guessing
everything they're doing
is another question.
I'm glad to hear it.
On both counts.
What was that?
We had a fight last night.
All right, this weekend,
I found a box
in Jerome's drawer.
I'm pretty sure
it was a ring box.
Tomorrow night's
the second anniversary
of our first date.
I think he's going to propose.
Or I should say, was.
I don't know about now.
-But isn't that
what you wanted?
-No, it is.
There's just something
about the ceremony of it all,
the ancient rituals,
it just feels... icky.
Ancient rituals?
We're talking about you
getting married,
not sacrificing a goat.
I worry we'd only be doing it
because we're supposed to.
In Brooklyn, my path
was laid out for me.
Study the Talmud,
get married, have kids.
I didn't really have a choice.
What if this is the same thing?
Do you love Jerome?
-Absolutely.
-Then you do have a choice.
You can make a life
with the man you love
or find another path
without him.
Bariatric surgery is conducted
hundreds of thousands
of times a year
in United States hospitals.
But what Ms. Lukaitis
talked about,
the bleeding, the clots--
Serious complications
are very rare.
How rare?
Based on my surgical record,
site infection rate
is less than 1.5%,
and I would identify it early
and treat it well.
Excess bleeding
is less than 1%,
and death is 1/20th of that.
What do you think, Mom?
I don't know.
I don't want her to be ashamed.
Last year...
she was suicidal
because of the teasing
and the bullying.
And I was too,
when I was her age.
We got counseling
and were really in a place
where she loved herself,
and I don't want you
to lose that.
I was diagnosed with ASD
when I was five years old.
[Shaun] That's not relevant.
And I told you not--
Shaun, I think
they want to hear
what Charlie has to say.
Thank you.
My brain...
it doesn't process
emotional signals
like other people's brains.
Same with Lucy's brain
with hunger.
My parents wanted
what was best for me,
but my mom, she didn't want me
to feel different.
So she was against me
having an in-school aid.
Thought it would stigmatize me,
but my dad convinced her.
They found a great aid
that helped me learn
to navigate the world.
This surgery won't stigmatize
your daughter.
It will give her
what she needs to thrive.
Everyone needs help sometimes.
Let Dr. Murphy help you.
Mom, please.
Yeah.
Okay.
Good job.
[Dr. Park] After
radical debulking,
I don't see
any obvious gross tumor.
[Asher] Assessing
abdominal organs and spleen.
There are sub-centimeter
lesions on her liver.
[Dr. Park] Infiltrative
hepatic metastasis.
Check her diaphragm.
[Asher] It's everywhere.
[Dr. Park] She probably only
has a couple months, if that.
Let's close.
What exactly
is your motivation here?
Are you trying to piss me off?
Mark your territory?
What are you talking about?
You, dating my mom.
[chuckles] You think
this is about you?
It's crossed my mind.
Are you out of your mind?
Oh, come on. What do you
have in common with her?
My mom's...
She's, uh...
Yes?
Dull.
-My mom's dull.
-No, she's not.
She's a great person,
a loving mother.
But she was a homemaker.
Not exactly the world's
most interesting woman.
[scoffs]
Let me tell you something
about your mom.
She learned Spanish
so she could read Don Quixote
in the original. Who does that?
She's seen every movie
in the Criterion Collection.
That's five stars right there.
She buys The New York Times
in paper form
so she can do the crossword,
which she does
through Saturday.
I don't even
get past Wednesday.
-She does?
-Yes, she does.
Maybe you should get to know
your mom a little bit better.
-[scoffs]
-I certainly will.
Thrilled for you two.
Plus, the sex is amazing.
I want to marry you.
It won't be
a Jewish wedding, but...
der mentsh trakht un got lakht.
"Man plans, God laughs."
But if a Beit Din,
a council of three rabbis,
approves your conversion,
then there are only
a couple steps left.
The big one being
a ritual bath.
You can have
a Jewish wedding here.
I'll set it all up for you.
I was raised Hasidic.
[in Hebrew] You've done this
with strength.
You will be blessed.
[Steve crying]
[in English] I'm sorry.
I just can't take this anymore.
-No. No.
-I have to rock him to sleep.
No, that is the worst thing
we could do.
It will teach Steve that
if he cries for ten minutes,
he will get rewarded
with a hug from Mom.
Steve isn't a test subject.
He's our baby, and we need
to be flexible with him.
He will be fine.
I'm not sure I will be fine.
This is so hard.
And you have surgery tomorrow.
Don't you need your sleep?
We should focus
on how much better it will be
for all three of us
in a few weeks.
Okay.
[crying continues]
Thank you for doing this,
Rabbi Benjamin.
I've adored Scott and Ronit
since I met them last year.
I'd do anything for them.
Now, time for some Jewish math.
300 gallons is about 150 se'ah.
We need 40 se'ah
of natural water
and a wall between
the natural water
and tap water.
And we aren't getting
rainwater in here,
but Rav Kook
and the Ben Ish Chai
wrote that we can use ice,
so we're going to need a lot.
We have a giant ice maker
on every floor.
[speaking Hebrew]
Where do you go to shul, Asher?
Uh, I don't.
Or, you know,
not since I came out.
You can't be gay and Jewish?
Well, aside from
the explicit prohibitions
in Vayikra 18 and 20,
there's the Noahide laws
and the sin of Sodom,
as explained in Sanhedrin.
You should brush up
on Sanhedrin.
According to the Midrash,
the sin of Sodom
was cruelty toward strangers,
not homosexuality.
[chuckles]
Is an Orthodox rabbi telling me
that the real sodomites
are the homophobes?
If the Midrash fits...
You are a Jew, Asher.
Whether you want to be or not.
Anti-Semites
don't give you a pass
because you have no mezuzah
on your door,
so might as well get
something positive out of it.
Respectfully, Rabbi,
I have everything
I need in my life.
5,000 years of tradition,
and you can't find
anything of value?
The Torah isn't all or nothing.
Try lighting some candles
on a Friday night.
Take a little break
on a Saturday.
Put some spare change in
the Tzedakah box for the poor.
Read Rambam...
or Philip Roth.
I do love bagels.
They're super carby,
but I can always scoop out
the middle, right?
Heresy. And yet, a start.
[chuckles]
Ahh.
Now let's make a mikveh.
♪ Ohh, ohh, ohh... ♪
[imperceptible]
♪ Ohh, ohh, ohh ♪
♪ Oh, oh ♪
♪ You save my life ♪
♪ You take the pain away... ♪
[praying in Hebrew]
♪ Oh, oh ♪
♪ You bring me 'round ♪
♪ When I'm down ♪
♪ You take my ♪
♪ Breath away... ♪
[imperceptible]
♪ You make me feel ♪
♪ Alive ♪
♪ One, two ♪
♪ One, two, three, four ♪
♪ Ohh, ohh, ohh ♪
♪ You make me feel ♪
♪ Alive ♪
[Shaun] Placing
the final staples.
-[Jared] Okay. Removing
the amputated stomach.
-[Shaun yawns]
[Jared] You okay?
[Shaun] I got less than
the optimal amount of sleep
last night,
but I am fine to operate.
[Jared] Partial stomach
is removed.
[alarm beeping]
[Shaun] Heart rate's 115.
BP is 146 over 93.
[Jared] Splenic infarct?
[Shaun] No,
it is baseline color
and well perfused.
-[Charlie] It could be
an intestinal--
-[Shaun] No, it couldn't.
[Charlie] Why not?
[Jared] Charlie, we don't have
time to answer your questions
right now, okay?
[Charlie] That makes sense.
[Shaun] Submerge the remaining
stomach in saline.
Shoot air in
from the endoscope.
That will tell us
what the problem is.
It's a leak.
We need to reinforce our
staple line with sutures and--
[alarms beeping]
[Jared] Heart rate 128. BP 170.
[Shaun] 4-0 Vicryls,
fibrin glue.
[Nurse Hawks] Get the 4-0's
from the suture cart.
Why aren't they
on the back table?
[Charlie] I read in The Journal
for Bariatric Surgery
that they were
rarely used, so--
[Shaun] You should have
asked an attending.
I know she can be
quite unrelenting,
but you should not make changes
based on the instructions
of a medical student.
-Starting sutures.
-[Charlie] It's not
her fault or mine.
You have the stitches now, so--
I am trying to concentrate.
-Suturing.
-[Charlie] I need
to explain myself!
[Shaun] Stop talking.
You're distracting me.
[Charlie] I wanted
to impress you.
It's a top journal--
[Shaun] Get out of the OR!
[alarm continues beeping]
Get out right now.
Goggles.
[alarm stops]
No more anastomotic leak.
Let's close.
Lucy, we'll keep you here
for a couple of days,
and then you'll be good
to go home.
When will I start
to lose weight?
You can expect to lose
five to fifteen pounds per week
over the next few months.
[door opens]
You look nice.
Going out?
Maybe.
I could tell that you were
uncomfortable
when I saw you with Aaron.
And I think I knew you were
uncomfortable even before then.
But I just was having
so much fun, I...
It was unfair of me.
-And I think that
maybe I should just--
-Mom.
It was unfair of me.
Go have fun.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
Thank you, honey.
Why didn't you ever tell me
about learning Spanish
or salsa dancing or anything?
You never asked.
I guess I never thought
there was much to hear.
You and Dad...
He always seemed so in charge,
and you just...
went along.
I'm sure it did seem that way,
because I knew
it was important to him.
He was old school.
But at its heart...
it was a partnership.
I didn't know.
You have always been
so ambitious, driven.
Is that because you didn't
want to be someone who just...
went along?
Maybe.
Is that why
you and Clay broke up?
He hasn't called
since I've been here.
None of his clothes
are in the closet.
He wanted to get married.
And I wasn't sure.
So I did my usual.
I just avoided him
and I focused on work.
And he took the job in Chicago.
I'm so sorry.
I love my job.
I like who I am.
I don't need
to get married again.
[voice breaking] But I don't
always like being alone.
I am always here for you.
Charlie Lukaitis
won't listen to me.
She is putting
patients at risk.
She should finish her rotation
at another hospital.
I cannot work with her anymore.
Well, apparently she can't
work with you, either.
She filed a complaint
against you.
Thanks for the ride.
I really enjoyed
our conversation today.
Yeah.
Yeah. Me too.
Asher, when was the last time
you wrapped tefillin?
Maybe another time.
Sorry, I just have
an important dinner
to get to with my boyfriend.
I think he's going
to pop the question.
And if he doesn't, I will.
Mazel tov.
Thank you.
-Until next time.
-Yeah.
[glass shatters in distance]
-[Benjamin] Hey!
What are you doing?
-[man] Get out of here, man!
[indistinct shouting]
You're desecrating
a house of worship.
-[men shouting]
-What's going on?
I've asked them to leave.
Go.
Go, and there
won't be a problem.
What do you care?
He's a Jew too.
Yeah, I am a Jew.
A gay one, in fact.
And I'm calling the cops.
[line ringing]
Go!
[ringing continues]
Are you okay?
Yeah. I'll call our security.
-Are you sure?
-Yeah.
Now go get engaged.
[Leonard Cohen's
"Who By Fire" plays]
♪ And who by fire ♪
♪ Who by water ♪
♪ Who in the sunshine ♪
♪ Who in the nighttime ♪
♪ Who in your merry
Merry month of May ♪
♪ Who by very slow decay ♪
♪ And who shall I say ♪
♪ Is calling? ♪
♪ And who by brave assent ♪
♪ Who by accident ♪
♪ Who in solitude... ♪
[sirens wailing]
♪ Who in this mirror ♪
♪ Who by his lady's command ♪
♪ Who by his own hand ♪
♪ Who in mortal chains... ♪
[praying in Hebrew]
[song continues]
♪ Who in power ♪
♪ And who shall I say... ♪
[thunder rumbles]
♪ Is calling? ♪
[closing theme music playing]